everybody it's hot guys and today i'll
be showing us a cool new way on how to
get on top of the sky Barry on the map
sanctuary this was found my glitching
fish all credit goes to him what you
want to do is you wanna get an osprey
under as I do it in the video let's do
that you want to grab the flag and come
to about where I do in the video just
more or less this spot and you want to
drop your tack in right next to the
building then you want to move along
this um this edge this edge way thing
here and have your friend kill you where
i do then you'll spawn away from the
flag news want to run on the fly and
have your friend stand on at the same
time so um it says you're grabbing the
flag but you can't grab it completely
then it's called the Osprey gunner out
here where I do like on the very flower
right side the map and then this is kind
of tricky part guys this is the timing
what you want to do is like as your
offspring gunner is like it's stopping
because you come in from the left side
nape and then you go towards the bridge
right as you start to go towards the
bridge you want to have your friend move
and this will take you out all the way
you want hit the death barrier but you
like lamb and DA on this invisible
barrier I took a little mountain thingy
then all you all you need to do is just
have the Osprey go up and it'll take you
over to the sky barrier then you can
walk along the rocks everything along
the sky barrier guys um your friend can
shoot down if you want to or not doesn't
matter because it won't take you it
won't take you away from the sky barrier
so be fine barden that guys if you guys
enjoyed this video please click like
please comment with any feedback and
please subscribe guys it's free arm at
my name is hot guys in about peace
you know
you